All right.
In the last section, we got the titles of the search result.
In this section, we're going to handle the errors, the possible errors.
So we need to come back to Visual Studio Code, the different types of error we want to handle.
Now, if the response is not okay or doesn't return a 200, we want to throw an error here.
So we're going to say if the.
Response is not okay.
So we want to throw a new error and we just say something went wrong or fail to fetch data.
We can just any message you can create.
So this is the things we do.
For example, if the API key is wrong, for example, we add an extra letter here and we go here, we
just refresh the page.
We should get an error.
Something went wrong, you can see, but we don't want to get kind of this error.
We want to create a file inside the next.
Yes, you can create a file inside the folder.
For example, in the web folder you can create a file called error that JSX, and you can handle this
error in that way.
So you're not going to break your application as we want to use the error for both pages, as for both
the image and the web, so we can put the error that is inside the search.
Inside this search, we can just create another file and we call it error dot jsx x.
This is exclusive for next years 13.
So this one should be actually a reac functional component.
So and it's called error.
We can just say capitalized.
And this one is you, you need to make it in a client side.
So we just say use client because it is this is related to the client.
So we need to do it.
And also we have to use user effect for catching the error.
So this here we get two things.
We get the error and also we get the reset.
For resetting the error.
All right.
So now after this, we're going to use use effect.
Which is coming from React.
And this one is going to be a function.
Are we going to just.
Console.log.
First error.
Okay.
And then for the dependency.
It's close.
This one first for the dependency.
We just get the error.
Let's see, we.
I think we put an extra.
Okay.
So any time an error happens, we're going to console.log the error using use effect.
First things we do here, and then we're going to return.
We're going to return a div.
And first things first, we just create an H one tag saying something.
Went wrong.
So we just say something went wrong and we're going to create a button here.
As you can see, we are going to create a button with the UN click that which is going to reset.
And we need to actually call this reset.
So I'm going to create a function.
I'm going to call the reset.
Like this, which is the.
Which is going to reset and ask and retry to fetch data.
And we have a button called Try Again.
So now probably when we because we know the API key is wrong, we should get an error again, but it's
not going to break our application.
We just see something went wrong.
Try again.
And we can see the error now in just in the development mode, not in the production.
So you can see this one, but the user cannot see this.
And also you can see the error inside the console log.
But let's just stall this one.
We want to bring this font to the center.
So inside the parent device, I'm going to change this one to flex.
Change the flex direction to column to bring them on top of each other.
Then we use Justify Content Center and Item Center to bring them to the center horizontally and vertically.
And also, I want to add some padding in the top of ten.
And for the H one tag, I want to make it bigger.
You just use it and text three x large.
And we add some more margin at the bottom of four.
For the button.
We just make it change the color to be blue.
Blue, for example, 500 k.
Let's test what we get.
Now, as you can see, we get something went wrong in a beautiful manner.
We click again.
You see, we get an error again.
But if we fix the API key, I remove this s here that I have added this time.
If we click on try again, we should get the result.
So any time the something happened with the API key or the user doesn't have access to the internet
or whatever, we get something went wrong and we can try again and fix their problem.
Or if it's in the server, they have to come back again to the website in a later time.
So that was for handling the error.
If there is a problem with API key or other things.
The other things is the other error can happen.
For example, if you write down something here that doesn't have any meaning and there is no result
for that, we get this error.
Something went wrong.
But actually I don't want this kind of error.
I just want to say, for example, there is no such a thing so or no results found.
Uh, we can do that because we are getting the items.
If there is no items, we want to show that those kind of results.
Let me first delete this castle log.
And here we can just.
Create a condition.
We just say if there is no result, return, no result finds that this is the simplest way, but I want
to return something more.
So let me first just see it, for example.
Try again.
We see no results find for this search term.
Let's make that one beautiful, too.
So I'm going to create a diff here.
Let's delete this one.
If after the death, I'm going to.
First create ah1 tag saying no result find.
And then I want to create a paragraph.
Inside the paragraph.
I want to say try search something else.
Or.
Go back to home, for example.
Go back to home Page.
And here.
Uh, we want to have some link tag from.
But just say link tag, which is coming from the next photo slash link and inside the link if you're
going to have a text saying all.
And here we're going to have the H ref.
The caps.
This one should be lowercase.
The rap is going to be the home page.
I'll just we need to style this one for the day.
Div at the top you're going to change the display to flex flex direction to be column.
And we just changed the justified center and item center to bring them centered horizontally and vertically.
And we add some padding at a top of ten.
We make this text to be bigger by changing the text to be three x large and add some padding and margin
at the bottom of four.
The reason I'm doing it fast because we are we already made it similar things and then we we add a class
name here.
Just make the text to be large.
And for the link, I just want to change the link color to be ticks blue.
500 and home.
This home.
I'm going to fix this one too.
K Let's see what we have.
So let's refresh the page.
As you can see, we get it like this.
No result.
Find.
Try searching for something else or go back to homepage.
Actually, uh.
Let's remove this one here.
We need to add some space here.
So just kind of create a space.
Okay.
And when we click on Hall, we're going to go back to home page.
We can search something else.
This is going to show this result.
If the result is not existed, we get no results.
Fine.
Okay.
I think that's that's that was it for the handling the error.
Let's add this one to the GitHub.
Using Contour Shift G and we're going to press the plus sign and then we create a message saying handle.
Handle possible.
Errors.
K I'm going to commit and push.
Let's review what we have done to go back to our repository homepage.
Now we have 313 commits and the last one is handled possible errors.
Okay.
We have created a file inside the search, which is going to cover both the web and the image folder.
This is the client side because we are using user effect and it should be client side.
It's mentioned inside the next year's 13 documentation that you have to make the error page client side.
Then we get the error and the reset.
We're going to use user fact to console.log the error any time an error happens.
And also we have created ah1 tag saying something went wrong and we can click on this button to reset
and try again.
Inside the page, that's x.
We have modified the result.
For example, we have we just said if there is, the response is not okay it's it's not returning 200.
We're going to throw an error which is going to trigger that file instead.
And if there is no result, if data that items is not existed for, for example, for the situation
that the word has a spelling mistake or something like that.
We get no result, find title, and also we can click to the home icon to go back to home.
So we have designed this one to how to prevent the errors.
So two types of errors we have pre prevented.
First, is the error related to fetching the API.
The second one is if the vault is not existed.
So in the next section, the things we want to do is to create the search result component.
So we're going to create this search result like the one we have inside the final version.
Inside the final version.
As you can see, we get the search results like this, which includes the time, then the number of
results, the time we get the URL.
And also we can click and go to that page.
And also we can.
We're going to have a brief description of this.
And also we want to install this one like this one, this beautiful using tailwind CSS.
Okay.
So in the next section, we're going to work on this one and get all this data.
And also we need to install some packages to, for example, show this kind of a result in a bold manner.
Okay.
So in the next section for creating this part of the project.